### Machines/Mechanicals in Entangled, Chris Salter

I found the discussion on Survival Research Lab (SRL) in the Chapter 7: Machines/Mechanicals from the book Entangled: Technology and the Transformation of Performance by Chris Salter particularly intriguing. They defined machine performance as a "spectacle that is curiously life yet, not living: incessantly counteracting the imagined utopias of earlier machine age with the apocalyptic overtones of the postindustral epoch". It’s interesting to consider machines as inanimate objects whose presence we constantly experience. SRL's work acts as a response to the idealized visions of technology from the machine age, especially considering the historical context where machines were often tools of destruction. Salter places SRL's work in the context of modern warfare technology, “driven by telematic technologies and distributed intelligence”.  Salter raises the question of how does SRL's "pyrotechnic insanitarium" critique or celebrate the potential of post-industrial systems? 

In a world where technology simultaneously showcases innovation and destruction, SRL's performances embody the ambivalence towards progress. This text prompted me to contemplate the interplay of art, technology, and humanity in a landscape where machines, particularly AI and automation, are evolving into autonomous entities. This evolution offers vast opportunities for utopian aspirations, but also opens the door to dystopian nightmares. This made me reflect on our complicity in the machinery of our post-war, post-industrial era.